---
title: 'BDStudio Releases: Beta 1.2.1 and Beta 1.2.2'
date: 2023-07-04
permalink: /posts/2023/07/blog-post-7/
tags:
  - bdstudio
  - devlog
  - update
---

We are excited to announce two new bugfix releases for BDStudio: Beta 1.2.1 and Beta 1.2.2. These releases address various issues reported by our dedicated community and introduce improvements that enhance your experience with BDStudio. In this blog post, we'll delve into the changes made in each release.

## Beta 1.2.1: Icons, Grid Rendering, and Camera Orientation

In Beta 1.2.1, I focused on fixing specific issues and introducing features that boost your productivity. Here are the highlights of this release:

- **Icons in the Elements List**: To enhance visual clarity and help you differentiate between block displays, item displays, and collections, I have introduced distinct icons in the Elements list. This improvement makes it easier to identify and manage different types of elements in your projects.

- **Pixel Grid Rendering Issues Fixed**: I've addressed pixel grid rendering issues that were affecting the visual precision of your models. With these fixes, you can now create pixel-perfect designs without any distortions or inconsistencies.

- **Camera Orientation Gizmo**: In response to user feedback, I have added a camera orientation gizmo in the corner of the interface. This handy tool provides visual cues to help you align and adjust your camera angle more accurately, improving your control over the viewing perspective.

## Beta 1.2.2: Squashing Bugs and Enhancements

In Beta 1.2.2, our team has focused on addressing bugs and introducing some additional enhancements to further refine your workflow. Here are the key changes in this release:

- **Group Command Hang Fix**: I've resolved an issue where the Group command would hang if no objects were selected. With this bugfix, you can now group objects seamlessly without encountering any disruptions.

- **Block Model Memory Storage**: In this release, I have improved the memory management system for block models. Block models are now correctly stored in memory under the corrected blockstate, ensuring accurate representation.

- **Donation Dialog**: As a token of appreciation for your support and contribution to the BDStudio community, I have added a donation dialog to the interface. This dialog provides an easy and convenient way for you to support the development of BDStudio and ensure its continuous improvement.

- **Minor GUI Changes**: I've made several minor changes to the GUI to enhance usability and improve the overall user experience. These refinements aim to streamline your interactions with BDStudio, making it even more intuitive and enjoyable.

I am committed to delivering a seamless and optimized experience with BDStudio, and these bugfix releases are a testament to my dedication. By addressing reported issues and implementing user-requested enhancements, I aim to ensure that your creative journey in Minecraft is smooth and enjoyable.

## Get Started with BDStudio Beta 1.2.2

To explore all the new features and enhancements, check out BDStudio Beta 1.2.2 and embark on an immersive journey of creativity in Minecraft.


Visit the official website at [https://eszesbalint.github.io/bdstudio](https://eszesbalint.github.io/bdstudio) to try BDStudio and start exploring the endless possibilities it offers.

As the creator of BDStudio, I am committed to continuously improving and expanding its features based on user feedback and needs. Your input is invaluable in shaping the future of BDStudio, and I encourage you to provide suggestions, report any issues at [https://github.com/eszesbalint/bdstudio/issues](https://github.com/eszesbalint/bdstudio/issues).

Happy building!